Update BDP Cloud docs (#315)
snowplow/documentation: docs/understanding-tracking-design/predefined-vs-custom-entities/index.md

## Custom contexts

:::info

> Please note that for BDP Cloud customers this complexity is abstracted by [the Data Structures Builder](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/managing-data-structures-with-data-structures-builder/index.md).

Reviewer: What does this mean? What do we expect the users to do with this information? I would rephrase to something more actionable, like:
```suggestion
If you are using BDP Cloud, you can create custom schemas using the [Data Structures Builder](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/managing-data-structures-with-data-structures-builder/index.md) without worrying about how it works under the hood.
```

Reviewer 2: 👍
